The process of juxtaposition has been lost for thousands of years
Even the recorded history books are fragments, etc
Where did it come from?
Come to think of it, you may not believe it.
This is what I asked a master from outside the world
The world sees so much
Look at this baby as your dinner party skin.
Are you a traditional Chinese medicine doctor?
Kidney is good kidney is good hahaha
Tonight.
Here's a question.
You asked your wife to negotiate with the bridge
Is it a little inappropriate?
Chen Tianshi
Already said hello
I have to give face
But first you give me such a good scrap
I will find you after all.
Oh, thank you, Master Qin
Lord Qin
What's up?
Didn't I ask you to talk business with the bridge?
Bridge Bridge
Why is he bullying me?
He didn't just insult me
He also said that the company could not enter his eyes at all
I don't deserve to do business with him
Hmph what is he
Dare to insult Qin Yi
You hairy boy
Do you dare to humiliate me?
And the woman next to him
Singing with him is not a good thing
Could it be that Hangzhou
There are such late nights
That woman is my future daughter-in-law
I'll go to Feng's house now to warn him
Tell him not to have any more contact with the bridge
Master Qin, I'm going too
You just got pregnant
Don't run around
Master Qin, let me go
I really can't do anything about you.
Go if you want
You are still the best to others, hahaha.